[MUSIC]
>> Aaron Frost: So again,
I showed you this earlier today.
I'm going to go back down to the bottom
in case someone didn't see it.
But even here on this class proposal,
like they're like hey, be warned.
Be ye warned, if you even think about
modifying this spec, it will kill it.
Basically if you read this,
those are the same don't, don't, don't.
You know you want to shush
up you know he's like
this don't know like push
it to the next release.
We're releasing this and
everyone every kind of agrees.
So yeah, that's where we ended up.
And that's that's what we got today.
We got this max and minimal class system.
So here's a class,
this is what a class looks like.
Okay, these guys
are functionally the same.
So I showed you this because I wanted
to point out that the classicism,
the class system is only sugar on top
of things you can already do today.
And we're not gonna do anything right
now that you cant do today, okay.
And so
I think we should state that up front.
I think it's a little more
elegant in the class syntax and
I'm going to embrace it until
we start seeing crazy, crazy.
The first time I see an IMBO
in JavaScript, I'm out.
So fortunately these are the same though I
can new on both up there both can execute
what I call new, this is the same thing.
Okay, again remember earlier though,
I said if we got rid of all
function constructors and
only had class constructors, then
functions could be lightweight long term.
Which means they could take up less memory
and less footprint in memory, which means
JavaScript applications could potentially
weigh less and maybe run faster.
So, the long term performance,
we're not getting rid of constructors
on functions for years, right?
Just because of legacy.
But, it could potentially,
if everyone only used class stuff, and
like maybe they do some opt in someday
in the future where you're like,
I opt in to never use function
constructors and only class constructors.
It might be able to have some performance
gains but for now it's just sugar, okay.
All right, so a class has a constructor
function and it's just called constructor.
Other languages,
if you have a class called foo,
what's your constructor called?
Foo, right?
So, in here it's constructor, right.
And if someone passes it,
like if I have this animal class,
I make it a constructor called name and
I can say this .name = name, right.
Again, can you do this in
JavaScript today with functions?
You can right, easy.
So I wanted to kind of point
out private properties,
because a lot of people were like,
dude, private properties, so cool.
They're all right, I mean, it's not
amazing, they're only kind of cool and
it's really only private
because of obscurity.
So who here is familiar with symbols?
You are, okay, I'm gonna use a symbol in
the console real quick to see you guys
kinda get what it is.
>> Aaron Frost: Is that big
enough can you guys see that?
>> Aaron Frost: Var so
I'm just gonna just say new
no I don't have to call new
Symbol.
>> Aaron Frost: Come on, man.
>> Aaron Frost: Dude,
why aren't you working?
>> Aaron Frost: Why
isn't my symbol working?
So, okay, screw this, let's go to-
>> Off Camera 1: Is
it the constructor?
>> Aaron Frost: No,
it's just say use call, or
it's like a static function.
>> Aaron Frost: Actually Traceur doesn't
have it, I don't think, maybe it does.
>> Aaron Frost: Okay,
so this is what they look like,
they've kind of got like a one key value?
So it's basically like making a unique ID,
right?
It's kind of like having a GUI generator,
okay, but
make sure you don't have
two of the same one.
So then, you would have like your own,
you would wrap all your code inside of
an IIFE or inside of a function instead
of a closure, so that people can't see.
So okay, sorry, I'm getting ahead of
myself, I'm gonna go back to the slides.